stinkoman240: Welcome to the channel! Spawn a monster by typing '(mole, cactus or steak) wearing a (any kind of) hat named (whatever name you want!)'. You can also spawn a boss monster by following, or bring in an entire army of minions by raiding! You can also change the color of the lights in my room by typing 'gryffindor', 'hufflepuff', 'slytherin', 'ravenclaw' or 'hunt'.
MagicalMerm
MagicalMerm is raiding with a party of 5.
kelloggsdaddy: hi hi
stinkoman240: Welcome to the channel! Spawn a monster by typing '(mole, cactus or steak) wearing a (any kind of) hat named (whatever name you want!)'. You can also spawn a boss monster by following, or bring in an entire army of minions by raiding! You can also change the color of the lights in my room by typing 'gryffindor', 'hufflepuff', 'slytherin', 'ravenclaw' or 'hunt'.
kelloggsdaddy: very pog
chuichuichu: mole wearing a santa hat
MagicalMerm: they know me as Paige, it's all good! but YAY! that's so sick!
kelloggsdaddy: hunt
kelloggsdaddy: woah
MagicalMerm: cactus wearing a shark hat
kelloggsdaddy: THIS IS SO COOL
MagicalMerm: hufflepuff
kelloggsdaddy: slytherin
chuichuichu: steak wearing a sailor hat
kelloggsdaddy: steak wearing roomie hat
MagicalMerm: steak wearing a witch hat
chuichuichu: mole wearing a top hat
MagicalMerm: this is so rad 10/10
MagicalMerm: cactus witch hat
kelloggsdaddy: roomie is a youtuber and he wears a green paisley baseball cap (usually backwards)
MagicalMerm: love this! I gotta go, but have fun everyone (:
kelloggsdaddy: bruh this is so cool
MagicalMerm: anytime!
kelloggsdaddy: is there a bot command to make the command list show up in chat?
stinkoman240: Welcome to the channel! Spawn a monster by typing '(mole, cactus or steak) wearing a (any kind of) hat named (whatever name you want!)'. You can also spawn a boss monster by following, or bring in an entire army of minions by raiding! You can also change the color of the lights in my room by typing 'gryffindor', 'hufflepuff', 'slytherin', 'ravenclaw' or 'hunt'.
kelloggsdaddy: very swag
kelloggsdaddy: mole wearing top hat
kelloggsdaddy: bonk
kelloggsdaddy: bonk command
chuichuichu: steak wearing a crown
kelloggsdaddy: cactus wearing red beanie
kelloggsdaddy: this is so fucking cool I can't get over this
kelloggsdaddy: hufflepuff
ashtyn2741: hi
kelloggsdaddy: I'm keeping ur notifs on so I can see how your game develops
kelloggsdaddy: i am invested
kelloggsdaddy: gryffindor
kelloggsdaddy: strangle command
kelloggsdaddy: excited to see more (:
ashtyn2741: i still have that pink steakosaurus you gave me
kelloggsdaddy: night night